Updated naming and links for documentation (#7818)
realm/realm-swift: examples/ios/swift/AppleAuthentication/README.md

#  How to enable Apple Authentication via Atlas Device Sync

> * You first need to setup your app in Atlas App Services. Follow these instructions to get started: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/authentication/apple/

Reviewer: Is it not 'Atlas Device Sync'?

* Once that is done add Apple Sign In to your app's entitlements

> * Make sure your bundle ID matches the client id you used in Atlas Device Sync app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Make sure your bundle ID matches the client id you used in Atlas App Services app.
```

> * Make sure your bundle ID matches the client id you used in Atlas App Services app.

Reviewer: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/authentication/apple/

Author: It's referenced above
